FRANCISCO ALBERT-VIDAL
MR FRANCISCO ALBERT-VIDAL
IVTO PRESIDENT 1984-1992,
IVTO SECRETARY GENERAL 1950-1983

"Fill youth with enthusiasm through special action! Convince young people's parents, trainers and company chiefs that a promising future is possible only through good vocational training".

This was the mission Francisco Albert-Vidal was entrusted with in 1946 and which inspired his life, became the driving force behind all his actions and laid the foundation for the first International Vocational Training Competition in 1950. Our friend thought that the competitions could stir youth to special efforts, help adults to understand different working techniques and offer young people a knowledge of trades which were unknown to them.

During thirty-one Skill Olympics, Francisco Albert-Vidal was responsible for the achievement of the original goals in a changing world: 33 years as an untiring promoter in his position as Secretary General and seven years as President of the International Organisation constantly presenting new ideas. The Vocational Training Competitions became his life's work and the International Organisation was shaped into what it is today.

With good reason he was proud of his achievements, as was clearly seen during our last visit, only one week before his death, at his home in Madrid. Shortly after his retirement as President, he fell seriously ill. Lovingly cared by his wife and his three daughters, he died knowing that his task would continue and that in this way he had considerably contributed to the future of youth.

Francisco Albert-Vidal was buried on October 25th 1993 in his beloved birthplace and hometown of Pinoso, just one hour's drive from Alicante, where he grew up as part of a craftsman's family, with three sisters and brothers, and where he met his future wife. His hometown was struck by the civil war and he was thus forced to choose a different professional path, for the well-being of our international organization and innumerable people throughout the world.